♪ Ben 10 ♪
Welcome to Oldeville...
One of the most historic towns
in the Midwest.
Boring, boring,
bo... ooh!
Aww!
[ Pop! ]
Platinum Sumo Slammer Card!
Grandpa Max,
we have to go!
- Stop the car, stop the car, - stop the car!
Why are we not stopping?!
Why are we not stopping?
Sorry, Ben, I've planned a full
day of tours for us.
- We can visit your shop later... - If we have time.
- Later? It's first come, - first served!
The card will be gone!
[ Slap! ]
Slow down, you hooligans!
So, if I go XLR8 right now
for like 60 seconds,
- I can grab that Sumo card and be - back before you can say...
- No, Ben. - What if there was an emergency
- And you couldn't use - your power
Because the watch
was on cool down?
- It's just a paper - playing card.
You can survive until the end
of the day.
Maybe this town will prove
more exciting than it looks.
[ Wind howls ]
Is it possible to literally die
of boredom?
Fine, here's the deal.
It can be a day of Oldeville
tours, without powers,
or a day of scrubbing the tires
of the Rustbucket...
without powers!
Both:
Tires, please!
♪ It's like I skate ♪
♪ So this can wait ♪
♪ Fast, not late, XLR8 ♪
Grandpa said you couldn't go
to the store until later.
And I believe he mentioned
not using any powers?
Well, technically,
it is later than it was...
And Grandpa
didn't exactly say,
- "You have to get the card - without powers."
So, yeah...
I think I'm in the clear.
You know what he meant.
Gwen, Platinum Sumo
Slammer Card!
There's only one in the whole
universe... I think.
- If you'll just stay here - and cover for me,
- I'll do all your chores - for a week.
- Two weeks. - Deal!
Agh! Hooligan!
Out of my way!
What is your problem?
You are my problem.
You're obstructing my route to
the cards and games shop.
Oh, really?
Then you should probably
slow down a bit or...
you'll miss this turn!
And he's got the card!
Yee-hee-hee!
- Oh, my gosh, oh, my gosh, - oh, my gosh, oh, my gosh!
Oh! A penny!
Oh, my gosh, oh, my gosh,
oh, my goooo...
[ Skidding ]
Nice landing.
Ahh.
It was all worth it.
- A card. You wasted your powers - for one card?
What if something happens
and you actually need an alien?
Sure, like anything
could possibly happen
in boring old Oldeville.
- [ Skidding ] - Billy: All right, give it!
Who's that?
Billions.
Billy Billions.
Hand over my card!
Your card?
It was first come, first served.
You snooze, you lose.
I want that card!
And I get everything I want...
Everything!
So, until
you fork it over...
[ Beep ]
[ Whirring ]
Whoa!
[ Engine starts ]
This wreck is mine.
Gwen:
Hey, that's our camper!
You snooze, you lose.
Hand over the card,
and I'll consider giving
the camper back.
Ben?
- Ben! - What?
Those were some seriously
cool toys.
Rustbucket... stolen?
Grandpa Max coming back
any minute?
Oh. Right.
Good thing I've got a cool toy
of my ow... Uh-oh.
[ Brakes squeal ]
What could possibly happen
in boring old Oldeville?
Both: Hi, Grandpa!
Ben, Gwen!
You missed one fine tour.
- Great! Tell us about it - on the next one!
Yeah, quick!
The bus is about to leave.
Here's a good seat,
Grandpa. Sit!
Well, this is unexpected.
I thought the Rustbucket
would have to be stolen
- before I'd get - either of you excited
- About one of these - Oldeville tours.
[ Both laugh nervously ]
[ Chuckling ]
On your left, you can see
the Oldeville Dust Museum.
How are we supposed to find
the Rustbucket now?
- While Grandpa is distracted - with the dust,
- We'll keep an eye out - for it.
There it is!
Wow. Step two?
[ Whirring ]
Uh, be right back, Grandpa.
I, uh,
gotta go do something.
[ Whoosh ]
Time for the vine!
Uh-oh.
Tarzan makes this
look so easy!
Oof!
Uh, Gwen, am I missing
anything exciting
on that side of the...
- Ooh, Grandpa, - what's that over there?!
- Ah, I think it's just - a bike rack.
And to our right,
Oldeville's first bike rack.
Hmm.
[ Intercom crackles ]
You again?
Me again.
[ Beep ]
[ Tires screech ]
[ Grunting ]
[ Whirring ]
How many was that?
Were there four?
Hey!
[ Grunts ]
You broke my ride!
- Why don't you - get out of here?
Because the Rustbucket
- doesn't belong to you, - Billions.
Give it back.
I never give.
I get.
And nobody keeps me
from getting what I want!
Nobody, nobody, nobody!
[ Whirring ]
[ Grunts ]
- We need to get off - this bus.
It's dangerous.
Are you kidding?
Whoo-hoo, thrilling!
Please fasten your seatbelts,
as the Oldeville roads
are uncharacteristically
exciting today.
Whoo-hoo!
[ Grunts ]
[ Yells ]
Wow, I cleaned up this mess
without using any powers?
And now Overflow
can finish the job.
Ugh!
Or maybe not.
Uh, hmm.
Hmm. Mmm.
Well, uh, I think I might be
done with tours for the day.
All I want is to get back
to our own motorhome and...
- We have to play hot and cold - to get there!
- "Hot" means closer, - and "cold" means farther.
[ Laughs ]
- Gwen, - I-I don't really see why...
Hotter, hotter...
No time for catchy phrases,
only time for Four Arms!
Or... Heatblast!
Okay!
Give it up, Billy!
You're never getting the card.
[ Beep ]
Whoa!
- Cold! - Very cold!
Ice cold!
Not another one!
That's new.
[ Grunts ]
- Hotter, hotter, - hotter, hotter!
My heat bounced off it?
Could really use good old
Overflow right now.
Why can't I have
the exact alien I want?!
Ugh!
I sound like Billy Billions.
I should be happy
with what I've got!
Aha!
[ Drip! ]
- Aagh! - I've had it!
This town is gonna pay!
[ Beep ]
[ Screaming ]
Hotter, hotter...
Cold, cold, cold, cold!
- Really? - I feel kind of hot.
That is the last straw,
Baby Billions!
Seriously, the tires?
Now, where is Mr. Fire Face?
Feast your flamey eyes on the
best tech that money can buy!
[ Boing! ]
[ Tires screech ]
Without that tech,
something tells me you've got
no other plan!
Nooooo!
- [ Crying ] - Ugh!
Make it stop, make it stop,
make it stop!
Grandpa: What in Sam Hill
is going on here?
Very, very, very cold!
Ugh, I tried.
- -Well? - -I, uh...
- Might have sacrificed the city's - oldest fire hydrant
- To defeat the world's youngest - super villain?
- You and I are going to have - a long talk...
Woman:
William Theodore Billions!
You've wrecked the car,
- and you haven't even defeated - your hero!
Bad form, son.
Tsk, tsk, tsk. Bad form.
I... I was getting to it!
- Yes, yes. - Time to go, Sport.
We'll discuss your failure
on the Billions-copter.
Aargh!
My Card!
- -Hey! Give me! - -Get off!
Daddy, make him give me
my card now!
All this over a paper
playing card?
Here, I can fix that.
There.
Caring is sharing.
[ Whimpers ]
Noooo! Noooo!
This isn't over,
do you hear me?
I will have my revenge!
Grandpa said to tell you
we're staying in Oldeville
- while the Rustbucket - gets fixed.
- And there's no alien - in the universe
That can get us out
of that.
[ Theme music plays ]
Time to throw stuff!